# Metroid-Encyclopedia
The Metroid Encycopedia is a website containing the lore and history of the video game series, Metroid. This site is made for fans of all kinds, containing details that old fans know well, as well as describing the history of the series and its story across time in a simplistic way for new fans to understand. Explore a timeline of games, showing the history of the main series with both the 2D and Prime games, as well as a biography of Samus Aran, the protagonist, detailing her backstory and who she is as she appears in each game.

The site includes a Home screen, providing a quick introduction to what the Metroid series is, and what this website is about. The timeline page shows a timeline of the series, split between the 2D and Prime games because of their separate stories. For the games that have remakes, you are able to switch between images showing the original or the remake to see the differences between them using DOM manipulation. The bio page discusses who the protagonist of the Metroid series, Samus Aran, is. It recounts her backstory, and who she became when she grew up. The bottom of the page showcases her many iconic suits, with a carousel of images that align with the list, which in code, stores an index in JSON that is incremented or decremented when you click either "back" or "next". Finally, you are able to submit any suggestions, questions, or comments, which uses HTML form connected to Javascript, and when submitting, takes you to another page which confirms what the user had submitted by using urlParams. The entire site is tied together with a flexible layout, and UI that emulates UI seen in the Metroid games.

All code done by Michael Jajkiewicz, with additional help from W3Schools and GeeksForGeeks.
